Tweak the query suites documentation (#10389)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/creating-codeql-query-suites.rst

To match a constraint, a metadata value must match one of the strings or
regular expressions. When there is more than one metadata key, each key must be matched.
The standard metadata keys available to match on are: ``description``, ``id``, ``kind``,

> ``name``, ``tags``, ``precision``, ``problem.severity``, and ``security-severity``.

Reviewer: Should we omit `security-severity` for now, since you can't yet filter on it with inequality constraints?

- ``tags contain all``---each of the given match strings must match one of the
  components of the ``@tags`` metadata property.

> Filtering Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of filtering which queries are run
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A common use case is to create a query suite that runs all queries in a CodeQL pack,

> except for a few that are known to be problematic. The following three query suite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
except for a few specific queries that the user does not want to run. The following three query suite
```

Reviewer: Specify that to do this, we recommend filtering on the query ID. Mention where to find the query ID in the metadata.

definitions are semantically identical:

> Matches all queries in ``codeql/cpp-queries``, except for the two queries with either given ``id``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matches all queries in the default suite of ``codeql/cpp-queries``, except for the two queries with either given ``id``::
```

       kind: problem
       precision: very-high

> Note that the following query suite definition is not equivalent. This definition will select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the following query suite definition is not equivalent to the above definition. This definition will select
```

       kind: problem
       precision: very-high

> Note that the following query suite definition is not equivalent to the above
> definition. This definition will select queries that are ``@kind problem`` *or*
> are ``@precision very-high``::

Reviewer 2: Suggest:

```suggestion
Note that the following query suite definition behaves differently from the definition above. This definition selects queries that are ``@kind problem`` *or*
are ``@precision very-high``::
```

       - high
       - very-high

.. pull-quote::

    Tip

>     You can use the ``codeql resolve queries /path/to/suite.qls`` command to see

Reviewer: Link to CLI command docs?

    from: my-org/my-custom-instructions
    version: ^1.2.3 # optional

> A common use case an ``import`` instruction is to apply a further filter to queries from another

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case for an ``import`` instruction is to apply a further filter to the set of queries from another
```
